{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue109;\red82\green0\blue103;
\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green93\blue233;\red194\green234\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c42745;\csgenericrgb\c32157\c0\c40392;
\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c26667\c46667\c93333;\cssrgb\c80000\c93333\c100000;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25500\viewh12400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1) app-onboarding-document.update-service\
Manage \
odsClient.getKybDocuments(individualDetails.getBusinessId())\
odsClient.getPartnerDocuments(profileId)\
\
https://adqfinancialservices.atlassian.net/browse/NB-15023\
\
2) app-onboarding-common.routing\
odsClient.getDataByProfileId(profileId, IndividualPayload.class)\
odsClient.getDataByProfileId(profileId, BusinessPayload.class)\
odsClient.getData(profileId, PartnerPayload.class)\
https://adqfinancialservices.atlassian.net/browse/NB-15024\
\
3) App-onboarding-business.check-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getDataByProfileId(profileID, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
https://adqfinancialservices.atlassian.net/browse/NB-15079\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
4) App-onboarding-business.dad-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getData(businessId, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
5) App-onboarding-business.delivery-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getBusinessDataById(businessId)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getIndividualDataById(individualId)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getDetailsForUniqueRefCode(uniqueRefCode)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
6) App-onboarding-business.fast-track\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient.getData(business.getBusinessId(), BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
7) App-onboarding-business.partner-check-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 oDSClient.getBusinessPartners(businessId)\
odsClient.getData(profileId, PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
odsClient.getDataByProfileId(profileId, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
odsClient.getData(beneficialOwners.getProfile().getIndividualId(), PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
oDSClient.getData(businessId, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
8) App-onboarding-business.partner-kyc-service
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(profileId, PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(profileId, PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
9) App-onboarding-business.partner-screening-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(profileId, PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByScreeningTaskId(napierPartnerScreeningCompleted.getSubjectId(), PartnerPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
10) App-onboarding-business.screening-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByProfileId(screeningData.getData().getProfileId(), BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByScreeningTaskId(subjectId, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
11) App-onboarding-individual.check-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByProfileId(\cf4 webhookEvent\cf0 .getData().getProfileId(), IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByProfileId(\cf4 profileId\cf0 , IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(\cf4 individualId\cf0 , IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(document.getIndividualId(), IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(businessId, BusinessPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(\cf4 screeningRequested\cf0 .getIndividualId(), IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
12) App-onboarding-individual.kyc-service\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b\fs26 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getData(individualDetails.getIndividualId(), IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
13) App-onboarding-individual.screeningc-service
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByProfileId(\cf4 profileId\cf0 , IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\

\f2\b \cf4 odsClient
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getDataByScreeningTaskId(napierIndividualScreeningCompletedEvent.getSubjectId(), IndividualPayload.
\f2\b \cf3 class
\f1\b0 \cf0 )\
\
\
http://common-data-platform-apis-business-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/business/027bef8eee0eec11b6e60022486fce8d\
http://common-data-platform-apis-individual-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/individual/\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://common-data-platform-apis-business-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/business/checksprofile?profileId=de1d836a-da34-4bcb-86e7-a2a4612d1fa1
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf5 \cb6 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://common-data-platform-apis-individual-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/individual/checksprofile?profileId=68a94014-fa24-47ba-86cd-3f1f9b21e8b3\
http://common-data-platform-apis-individual-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/individual?businessId=027bef8eee0eec11b6e60022486fce8d\
\
http://localhost:1080/individual/checksprofile?profileId=c215d199-63db-4952-9e7a-7350629334aa\
\
\
http://localhost:1080/individual?businessId=027bef8eee0eec11b6e60022486fce8d\
http://localhost:1080/individual?businessId=027bef8eee0eec11b6e60022486fce8d\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 http://common-data-platform-apis-partner-service-java-ms.aks.dev.neobank-internal.ae/partner/businesspartners?businessId=027bef8eee0eec11b6e60022486fce8d\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs26 \cf7 \cb8 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec7 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs24 \cf9 \cb6 \strokec9 app-transfer-common-bic-service-java-ms.aks.test.neobank-internal.ae\
\
\
\
https://publicisgroupe.sharepoint.com/:x:/r/sites/ADQNeobankDeliveryPSONLY/_layouts/15/Doc.aspx?sourcedoc=%7BD32F7709-C404-462E-BF7B-30570FE094FC%7D&file=ADQ%20Neobank%20OAT%20Scenario%20Checklist.xlsx&action=default&mobileredirect=true&wdhostclicktime=1628513910864&cid=c98fd777-7234-4e29-a273-83ca5e8b2f51
\f1\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\
}